OADP-5659 Release Note and Attribute Updates for 1.4.4 (#89108)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-1-4-4-release-notes.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/oadp-1-4-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="oadp-1-4-4-release-notes_{context}"]
= {oadp-short} 1.4.4 release notes

> {oadp-first} 1.4.4 is a Container Grade Only (CGO) release, which is released to refresh the health grades of the containers. No code was changed in the product itself compared to that of {oadp-short} 1.3.4.

Author: ```suggestion
{oadp-first} 1.4.4 is a Container Grade Only (CGO) release, which is released to refresh the health grades of the containers. No code was changed in the product itself compared to that of {oadp-short} 1.4.3.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/oadp-1-4-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="oadp-1-4-4-release-notes_{context}"]
= {oadp-short} 1.4.4 release notes

{oadp-first} 1.4.4 is a Container Grade Only (CGO) release, which is released to refresh the health grades of the containers. No code was changed in the product itself compared to that of {oadp-short} 1.4.3.

> .Restore operation remains in the `Finalizing` phase for stateful application that uses the `azurefile-csi` storage class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="known-issues-1-4-4_{context}"]
== Known issues

.Restore operation remains in the `Finalizing` phase for stateful application that uses the `azurefile-csi` storage class
```

> When you restore a stateful application that uses the `azurefile-csi` storage class, the restore operation remains in the `Finalizing` phase. This is because Azure File cloning does not support the Network File System protocol whereas, it supports `azurefile-csi` storage class that uses the Server Message Block protocol. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-5508[(OADP-5508)]

Author: @amastbau could you review the known issue and the note, please?

Reviewer 2: This is because Azure File cloning does not support the Network File System protocol whereas, it supports `azurefile-csi` storage class that uses the Server Message Block protocol. 
 
 This is not the reason, This line should be removed i believe.

Author: Thanks @stillalearner , I've removed the line. Please verify the update.

> When you restore a stateful application that uses the `azurefile-csi` storage class, the restore operation remains in the `Finalizing` phase. This is because Azure File cloning does not support the Network File System protocol whereas, it supports `azurefile-csi` storage class that uses the Server Message Block protocol. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-5508[(OADP-5508)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When you restore a stateful application that uses the `azurefile-csi` storage class, the restore operation remains in the `Finalizing` phase. This is because Azure File cloning does not support the Network File System protocol whereas, it supports `azurefile-csi` storage class that uses the Server Message Block protocol. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-5508[(OADP-5508)]
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/oadp-1-4-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="oadp-1-4-4-release-notes_{context}"]
= {oadp-short} 1.4.4 release notes

> {oadp-first} 1.4.4 is a Container Grade Only (CGO) release, which is released to refresh the health grades of the containers. No code was changed in the product itself compared to that of {oadp-short} 1.4.3.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{oadp-first} 1.4.4 is a Container Grade Only (CGO) release, which is intended to refresh the health grades of the containers. Note that the code was not changed in the product compared to that of {oadp-short} 1.4.3.
```

Just one Q: Can the "compared to that of {oadp-short} 1.4.3" part be dropped completely? From my POV, there is no need to mention the previous release, and it would be better to talk about the current release only. 

P.S.: I know the rules can be different for oadp, so if not possible, I'm ok with that :-)

Reviewer: this is the agreed text for OADP release engineering
so let us leave it

Reviewer 3: Sure thing! Was just a suggestion anyway :-)

Author: Thank you for clarifying, Andy.

[NOTE]
====

> When you restore a stateful application that uses `azurefile-csi` storage class, the restore operation remains in the `Finalizing` phase. This is because Azure File cloning does not support the Network File System protocol. It supports the `azurefile-csi` storage class that uses Server Message Block protocol.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you restore a stateful application that uses the `azurefile-csi` storage class, the restore operation remains in the `Finalizing` phase. It happens because the Azure File cloning does not support the Network File System protocol. The Azure File cloning supports the `azurefile-csi` storage class that uses the Server Message Block protocol.
```

Just a few suggestions, feel free to ignore/rewrite :-)

Author: Thank you, I have included the suggested changes and modified the sentence.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/oadp-1-4-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="oadp-1-4-4-release-notes_{context}"]
= {oadp-short} 1.4.4 release notes

{oadp-first} 1.4.4 is a Container Grade Only (CGO) release, which is released to refresh the health grades of the containers. No code was changed in the product itself compared to that of {oadp-short} 1.4.3.

[id="known-issues-1-4-4_{context}"]
== Known issues

> .Restore operation remains in the `Finalizing` phase for stateful application that uses the `azurefile-csi` storage class

Reviewer 4: I suggest to remove this heading and add an asterisk on line no 16. This note is totally redundant to the following know issue. 

If you must keep this heading, consider the following change:

```suggestion
.Issue with restoring an operation 
```
